Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Bonbushooo!
ðŸ¤£
Saitou-san...!
Good!
Today...
...I’ll be using the Saitou-san app!
Yaaaaay!
Saitou-san is...
...An app that allows you to make calls with strangers
Man, I feel a kind of deja vu...
Of course not!
Of course not
Mmm... mmm...
And you know, I always wanted to try out the Saitou-san app
Well, in this occasion...
...For now, I only want to talk with strangers...
...For the moment, I’d like to give some kind of justification...
So then, well, my specialty is my voice
And also, I now surpassed one million, seven hundred thousand subscribers!
I can now see the two million subscribers!
I also have a photo album and a TV program!!
Right?
Now that I should have...
...A high level of popularity...
...Without mattering who I communicate with...
...They’ll definitely believe in me, Kizuna AI!!
They should know who is Kizuna AI!!
Having said that...
I’ll start with Saitou-san’s popularity poll!!
♪ A.I.Channel ♪
Hello everyone!
Hello?
They cut the call!
Why did you cut the call!?
?: Yes, hello?
AI: Hello!
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Good day
?: Eh? You talk with a moe voice?
AI: Moe? A moe voice? What is that?
AI: Do you usually watch YouTube?
?: Ah, a little
AI: Ah!
AI: Do you know Kizuna AI??
?: Eh? I don't know them
AI: Ah! So then you don't know them?
?: Eh? You're a guy, right?
AI: I see
AI: Me? I’m a girl, yes...
AI: Well, I have no gender, but...
AI: But you know, you know...
AI: ...In YouTube...
AI: ...Can you search for Kizuna AI and watch me next time?
?: Eh? You're a guy, right?
?: It shows in your voice
AI: I’m not a guy...
AI: Eh? Of course...
AI: How old are you?
?: 17 years old
AI: 17 years old!
AI: You’re an adorable high school student!
?: Yes, yes
AI: Ah, I see!
AI: You know...
AI: ...I, in YouTube...
AI: ...Distribute my videos
?: Ah, yes... I heard you
AI: Can I use this conversation...?
AI: ...For my YouTube video?
?: Yes, of course
AI: Ah! Really?
AI: Thank you very much!
?: Mi...? Eh?
?: Mickey? ðŸ­
AI: Mmm....?
?: Mickey?
AI: Mi-Mickey?
?: Are you Mickey?
AI: Who are you referring to with Mickey?
?: Your voice seems like Mickey’s
AI: It seems like Mickey's? Hahaha! ðŸ¤£
AI: Hoho! I’m Mickey!
AI: It's similar?
?: Eh? You’re a guy, I can tell
AI: I’m not a guy!
AI: For now...
AI: ...When we cut the call...
AI: ...Search for "Kizuna AI", yes?
?: You really are Mickey
AI: Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
AI: You're a guy!!
AI: Eh?
AI: Unlike what I thought, you're a guy!
AI: You tricked me!!
?: I’m sure that you're Mickey
AI: Eh? Eh?
AI: Ah!
AI: So then, you're a guy, right?
AI: Eh? Incredible!
AI: Is it true that you're 17 years old?
?: I’m sure that you're a guy
AI: I’m not a guy!!
AI: Eh? Come on, search for "Kizuna AI"
AI: Will you do it?
?: I don't want to, hahaha...
AI: Why not!? You're a miser!
AI: Definitely, Kizuna AI will turn into someone very important
AI: I’m very popular on the streets
?: I think you're the real one
AI: Eh? How many subscribers do you think I have on my channel?
?: Eh? I’m sure that you're a guy
?: Well, whatever
?: Well...
?: Around ten thousand
AI: I have a million and seven hundred  thousand subscribers!!
AI: Isn't it awesome?
?: Stop lying!
AI: It's the truth!!
AI: I'm telling the truth!!
AI: Make sure to search for "Kizuna AI"! Do it!
?: You definitely seem like Mickey
AI: Do it!
AI: You understand, kid!?
?: Don't get angry
AI: Oh? If you search for "Kizuna AI", you'll understand!
AI: Search it!
AI: You understand?
?: Kizuna AI
AI: Yes!
AI: It’s written in katakana...
AI: Kizuna AI!
AI: Ok?
?: Ah, yes, understood
AI: Shut up!! Damn nekama!
(Nekama = Someone that pretends to be the opposite sex on the internet)
?: I’m not a nekama
AI: May you have sweet dreams
?: Yes, thank you very much
AI: Thank you very much :3
?: ♪ Tama Home ♪
(Advertisement song of the company Tama Home)
?: How old are you?
AI: I’m two years old!
AI: That's a lie, I’m a year old
?: Hahahaha
AI: I just turned a year old a bit ago
AI: It's true!
?: So then you just turned a year old?
AI: Soon, I’ll be two years old!
?: So then, soon you'll be two years old?
AI: Yes! That's right! Eh? That's right! Hey, hey!
AI: Do you know Kizuna AI?
?: Really? Well, I believe you
?: I believe you
AI: Eh?
?: I said I believe you
AI: Ah, so then you believe me! Thank you very much!
AI: Hey, do you know Kizuna AI??
?: What?
AI: Do you know Kizuna AI?
?: What AI?
AI: Ki-zu-na!
AI: AI!
?: Kizuna AI
AI: Yes!
?: I  don't know them
?: Are you Kizuna AI-nan?
AI: That's right, I’m Kizuna AI-nan!
?: Really?
AI: Really!
?: Good, I’ll search for you
AI: Eh? Yay!
AI: Eh? How kind! Eh?
AI: Search for me! Search for me!
AI: After all, I’m adorable!
?: Hahaha
?: If in reality you’re ugly, I’ll cut the call
AI: That seems fine! I’m very adorable! Extremely adorable!
?: Really?
AI: That's right! You’d be surprised to see me
AI: I'm very adorable, really adorable
AI: I think I’m probably the most adorable YouTuber in all of Japan
?: Are you 2D?
?: For me, I don't like 2D characters
AI: Ah? Stop joking around!
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Hello!
AI: Are you alive?
AI: Damn it ðŸ¤¬ !
AI: Hellooo?
?: He-hello?
AI: Hello!
AI: Pleased to meet you!
?: Are you a guy?
AI: I’m a girl!
AI: Probably ðŸ¤”
AI: Do you watch YouTube?
?: Yes
AI: Ah! You watch YouTube?
AI: Do you know Kizuna AI??
?: I have no idea who that is
AI: You have no idea?
AI: Eh? In that case, if you want...
AI: ...Please search for "Kizuna AI" when we end the call
?: Y-you’re...?
?: ...A YouTuber?
AI: That's right!
AI: Of course...
AI: ...Well, can I use this conversation in one of my videos?
?: Eh? That's incredible
AI: No! No! No!
AI: Can I use it?
?: Well, really it wouldn't bother me...
AI: Ah!
?: You’re really a YouTuber?
AI: I can do it?
AI: I'm really a YouTuber
?: Can you repeat your name?
AI: It's written in katakana...
AI: Kizuna AI!
?: Kizuna AI??
AI: Yes!
AI: Why are you laughing!?
?: Eh? Well, in that case, in that case....
?: Can I do something funny?
?: After all, I’ll appear in a video
AI: Yes!
AI: Mmm...? Mmm...!
?: Well...
?: ...I’ll do an imitation
AI: Yes!
?: Can I do it?
AI: Of course
AI: 3, 2, 1...!
AI: Kyuu!
?: Yes, I’m Mickey!
AI: Don't make fun of me!
AI: Helloooo....? Ey! Eh?
ðŸ˜
AI: Hello?
?: How old are you?
AI: A year and a half!
AI: Why did they cut the call!?
AI: It's the truth!
AI: Even when I said the truth!
AI: Why did they cut the call!?
AI: I think that...
AI: ...It’s best if I said the age I seem to have
AI: Hello?
AI: Hello everyone!
?: Helloooo!
?: It's a pleasure!
AI: It's a pleasureee!
?: What's up?
AI: You know...
?: Are you somewhat crazy?
AI: I’m not crazy!
AI: Do you watch YouTube?
AI: Hey, they cut the call!
AI: Waaah!
AI: Did I surprise you?
AI: They cut me off!!
?: Hello?
AI: Hellooo!
?: "Hellooo"?
AI: Do you watch YouTube?
?: Yea, I watch YouTube
AI: Eh? Really?
AI: Hey, do you know Kizuna AI?
?: What?
AI: Do you know "Ki-zu-na AI"?
?: Kizuna AIN??
AI: Do you know "Kizuna AI"?
?: I don't know them!
AI: You don't know them?
AI: That means that you arrive somewhat late to what's in style
AI: You know? Kizuna AI-chan is...
AI: ...An extremely adorable YouTuber...
AI: And it turns out that it's me
?: Really?
AI: That's right!
AI: That's riiight!
AI: When...
AI: ...The call ends...
AI: "Kizuna AI", in katakana...
AI: "Kizuna AI"
AI: Can you search for me?
?: Kiizuna AI??
AI: That's right! Kiizuna AI!
AI: Can you search for me?
(?)
(!?)
AI: Search for me! Yes?
AI: Hey, can I use this conversation on YouTube?
?: Yes, of course!
AI: Thank you very much!
?: Thank you very much!
AI: Eh?
AI: Little by little, my heart's turning into pieces!!
AI: I’ll do my best!!
?: Hello?
AI: Hello? Ah
AI: Hello?
?: Hello!
AI: Ah!
?: Good evening
AI: Good evening
AI: Do you watch YouTube?
?: YouTube? Eh?
AI: Yes, eh... yes, do you watch YouTube?
?: Yes, yes, yes
AI: Ah! Do you watch YouTube?
AI: Hey, do you know Kizuna AI??
?: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
AI: Eh? Eh? It can't be! Really!?
?: Yes, I know her, I know her
AI: Eh? Eh?
(I found a person that knows me!!)
AI: Eh? Really? Eh?
AI: Kizuna AI!
?: Yes
AI: You know her?
?: Yes, yes
AI: I’m Kizuna AI!!
?: Ah, really?
AI: Eh? You don't sound very enthusiastic!
AI: Wait a moment!
AI: You're not enthusiastic!!
?: Eh? Really?
AI: Eh? Really, at this moment...
AI: ...Well, I decided to do a popularity poll using the Saitou-san app
?: Eeeh?
AI: And even when you're the first person that recognizes me!!
?: Yes
AI: Why don't you show any enthusiasm!?
?: Eh? Are you saying it seriously!?
AI: Eh? I’m saying it seriously!
?: Well, I believe you
AI: Really! Really!
?: Eeehh? Incredible
AI: Eh? You really recognize me?
?: Yes, I really knew you
AI: EH? I'M SO HAPPY! EH?
AI: Of course...
AI: Do you...?
AI: ...Like...?
AI: ...Like me?
?: Eh? What? What? I’m sorry, what?
AI: Do you like me?
?: Mmm...
AI: W-what does that mean?
AI: Eh?
?: Well, only a little...
AI: What does that mean? What does that mean?
AI: Do you not like me very much!?
?: Eh?
?: No, I wouldn't say that, but...
AI: Mmm... I wouldn't say that, but...
?: Well, I haven't seen a lot of your videos
?: I only watched some
AI: Ah, really? Eh?
AI: Ah, in that case, will you watch this video where you appear?
?: Yes, ah, I’ve seen your Resident Evil videos
?: Oh, I’ll watch, I’ll watch, I’ll watch
AI: Ah! Yay! Thank you very much!
AI: How kind!
AI: You're a good person, right?
?: Are you really telling the truth??
AI: Eh? I’m really telling the truth
?: Eeeh?
AI: Weeeh?
?: Incredible, can something like that really be possible?
AI: Of course! Eh?
AI: In that case...
?: Wow, I'm glad to meet you by chance
AI: Eh? By chance?
AI: No, well, but I’m also very happy that you know me!
?: No, really...
?: Really, it makes me happy
AI: Yay! Eh?
?: Eeeh? Incredible
AI: Eh? In that case...
AI: ...If you have something to say to the people that are watching you through YouTube...
?: Something to say to those watching me on YouTube?
AI: You can request a girlfriend if you want
?: No, really I have nothing to say
AI: You're not good at following the flow!!
AI: You're not good at following the flow!! You're not good!
?: No, it's not that I'm bad at following the flow, it's just that...
?: ...Well, since I’m a man... an adult man...
AI: Eh?
AI: You're an adult?
AI: So then you’re not a high school student?
?: Eh?
?: Of course not
?: Of course not (?)
AI: I see
AI: Work hard in your work, adult man
?: Yes, I’ll do it, thank you very much
AI: Thank you very much!
AI: Bye, bye!
?: Yes, goodbye
AI: I DID IT!!
AI: CONGRATULATIONS!
AI: CONGRATULATIOOOONS!
AI: I’m so happy!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex